Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg`s Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.
The first owner of the Marlboro company died of lung cancer.
A palindrome is a sentence or group of sentences that reads the same backwards as it does forward: Ex:  `Red rum, sir, is murder.` `Ma is as selfless as I am.` `Nurse, I spy gypsies. Run!`  `A man, a plan, a canal - Panama.` `He lived as a devil, eh?`
Al Capone`s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesars. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920`s.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year`s supply of footballs.
The most common name in world is Mohammed.
The Boston University Bridge (on Commonwealth Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts) is the only place in the world where a boat can sail under a train driving under a car driving under an airplane.
3.9% of all women do not wear underwear.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
The citrus soda 7-UP was created in 1929; `7` was selected after the original 7-ounce containers and `UP` for the direction of the bubbles.
Women manage the money and pay the bills in  75% of all Americans households.
the bird is the word
All polar bears are left-handed.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
The Great Wall of China is the only man-made structure visible from space.
One of the reasons marijuana is illegal today is because cotton growers in the 1930s lobbied against hemp farmers they saw it as competition.
Bats always turn left when exiting a cave
The Earth experiences 50,000 Earth quakes per year and is hit by Lightning 100 times a second.
Mosquito repellents don`t repel. They hide you. The spray blocks the mosquito`s sensors so they don`t know you`re there.Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
Q is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear in the name of any of the United States!
Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them; a fully ripened cranberry can be dribbled like a basketball.  
If the population of China walked past you in single file, the line would never end because of the rate of reproduction.
Right-handed people live, on average; nine years longer than left handed people.
Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
PEZ candy even comes in a Coffee flavor.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning "containing arsenic."  
Each king in a deck of playing cards represents a great king from history. Spades - King David, Clubs - Alexander the Great, Hearts - Charlemagne, and Diamonds - Julius Caesar.
The eyes of a donkey are positioned so that it can see all four feet at all times.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver and purple.
A Boeing 747`s wingspan is longer than the Wright brother`s first flight.
Daffy Duck`s middle name is "Dumas"
In the last 3,500 years, there have been approximately 230 years of peace throughout the civilized world.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
You can be fined up to $1,000 for whistling on Sunday in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Half the foods eaten throughout the world today were developed by farmers in the Andes Mountains (including potatoes, maize, sweet potatoes, squash, all varieties of beans, peanuts, manioc, papayas, strawberries, mulberries and many others).
Humans are the only primates that don`t have pigment in the palms of their hands.
On average, Americans eat 18 acres of pizza everyday.
Reindeer like to eat bananas.
Napoleon`s penis was sold to an American Urologist for $40,000.
Average number of people airborne over the US any given hour: 61,000.
The name for Oz in the "Wizard of Oz" was thought up when the creator, Frank Baum, looked at his filing cabinet and saw A-N, and O-Z; hence the name "OZ."
The word Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell.
Facetious and abstemious contain all the vowels in the correct order, as does arsenious, meaning "containing arsenic."  
In space, astronauts are unable to cry, because there is no gravity and the tears won`t flow.
Dentists have recommended that a toothbrush be kept at least 6 feet away from a toilet to avoid airborne particles resulting from the flush.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.
The human tongue tastes bitter things with the taste buds toward the back. Salty and pungent flavors are tasted in the middle of the tongue, sweet flavors at the tip!
The first episode of "Joanie Loves Chachi" was the highest rated American program in the history of Korean television, a country where "Chachi" translates to "penis".  
A snail can sleep for three years.
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money throughout the world.
The symbol on the "pound" key (#) is called an octothorpe..  
The Main Library at Indiana University sinks over an inch every year because when it was built, engineers failed to take into account the weight of all the books that would occupy the building.
The Black Widow spider eats her mate during or after sex.
